Hey falling snow
How do you like it?
It's not that I didn't, it was you just now, don't explain me
I'm not yours
Drive, get down to business
Okay, this Li Ruolan is really cheap, I really owe it
Hey
What's wrong, Mr. Qin?
Four buildings are like bottomless pits
The repaired wall also sank and broke for no reason
There is too much pressure outside now
This project will not be solved again
I'm afraid it will be suspended indefinitely
Huge loss
Do you really want to pay for the 100 billion invested?
Mr. Qin
As long as you believe me.
Not only will you not lose money
You're going to make a lot of money.
How are you
Who let you in?
Security, don't shout
Those guys who don't know what to do
I've been beaten down
Come to my turf to make trouble
I think you don't want to live anymore
I'm just here to help you.
With me, it's not your turn, Ye Shen?
You follow me every day, right?
Hahaha
You don't pee. Look in the mirror.
Who are you?